So we have our sign in with email and password with passing the email password, and then we used us,
which is our Firebase authentication.
Their object that allows us to then invoke this signing with email and password to the email password
and then we can attach the incomplete listener.
We have this task object, which just has this auth results or the result that we get from asking our
user firebase to log in this user so we can look at that and say, OK, if this happens, then in this
case, if it's successful, then we'll do something else.
Well, we don't do anything.
OK?
And later, of course, we're going to take the users to the home screen.
But OK, this also had a long day here.
Let's go ahead and add Log D. So we know that all is good.
When you say task.
Resolved all to string like this, so we can get the result.
This is going to be FBI.
So, yeah, so we see that we are celebrating and life is good.
All right now, how do we then invoke our view model here?
That way we can then, you know, sign the users.
Let's go to our reader login screen in what I'm going to do inside of a reader login screen.
Let's see.
Besides of our NAF controller, I'm also going to pass our view models with a view model.
Log in screen for your model.
Very smart of you and or studio to know exactly what object I need.
And I'm going to shake it right away, say if you model like this view, let's get that view model.
OK, so we're getting the view model from Android X, the American posts like this, so usually does
that and it's OK, we can leave it as it is.
OK, so now we should have our review model so we can work with.
So where is that going to happen?
Where do we use our view model to log in?
Well, you see this to do all we have to do here.
So a few model, I can say, died and invoke this sign in with email and password.
And where do we get that email and password?
I look at that.
We have the email and password because this is coming from our user form.
How convenient.
So I can pass email.
It's going to be email.
I say email as such.
So I'm going to get this email there and pass the password.
It's going to be our password as such.
And of course, we they all have the same name.
I can just simplify and just call with one name, email and password.
Let's see if this works.
Remember, if we go back to sign in, this is being called from here.
We're going to have some logs that are being coming up.
So I'm going to open our log debug here and passing SB.
So that way we're ready to see results.
Let's make sure all is good is go ahead and run.
OK, have it.
OK.
Time of truth.
So I'm going to log in because remember, we created a log in.
We have this person, me, me.
Let's see if we can log in.
So I'm going to see me at mi.com and tester.
What's the password?
OK, if I click log in, I should be able to log in this user log in.
And as you see, he says, Yay, Google.com authorized, and we are indeed logged in, and he even gives
us the I.D. of this user.
This zero w nine k, you'll see it is indeed the same person 0W, nine K and three and so forth.
All right.
And of course, we lost our app, something happens, they're not sure what, but we'll get to that.
So it's good, right?
We were able to log a user in and successfully.
Let's see why.
What's the problem?
Let's go to run.
OK, says operations are implemented, right?
We have I added that.
So here I have this to do.
Doesn't like that.
So that's why it says that I should have just said something like this to do.
Take them home like this because that is a different implementation.
If I say to do as I did anyway, that should be good.
Now, if I run again, I shouldn't have this problem.
You want my app won't crash.
Let's log this user again me at
to either say log in or just done like this.
And you see, it's happening.
We have the same person.
OK.
Yay.
Signing works as intended.
Now let's think about this.
The idea here is as follows the moment the user is signed in.
We don't want to just stay here, right?
We want to take them to the home screen.
That's why we have this.
Take them home.
Now, how do I do that?
Because at this point here, as I'm listening to for this to complete this sign in with email and password
to complete when that is successful, then I need to go home.
I need to go to the home screen.
How do I do that?
Now here's the beauty.
If you look at this function, this whole function here, sign in with email.
This is what we created, right?
And then we call sign in with emailing password.
I tried to mimic the same names as the Firebase function name, right?
It just makes sense what we can do.
Remember, this is our function that we created, which means we can pass here a function that will
be called as a lambda right so I can see whom I don't need to pass anything.
Look at this and it's just going to return unit I section.
Right now, this home, because it's going to be a lambada.
Does that make sense?
So here I can just say home like this.
That means then where we are actually calling this, which is now a reader log in.
It will detect that, OK.
Aha, we need to pass another.
Parameter here at home, and I know it was the last parameter added, which is a function, I can take
care of the business by actually adding a trailing lambda, which is awesome because now yes, remember
we are inside of our reader log in screen and our reader login screen has enough controller, which
means, ladies and gentlemen, we can go ahead and say something like this nav controller that navigate.
I want to add the root, pick the correct one.
And what route do I want to go to?
Well, I want go to.
I want to say readers screen, right?
This is just going to help us dot.
I want to go to the home screen that name.
And done.
Let's go to our read.
Let's go to our nav navigation to make sure we have that reader reader navigation created that composable.
Yes, we have.
If we do it at home.
Very good.
Now, if I go home with see that we have something, at least they're just going to say text
on home.
To me, that or import that library.
Yes.
You.
Look at this.
And now I should be good.
All right.
All of that started here.
We passed this function, which we can pass anything, and this is just going to be a lambda eight and
a composable, of course.
And then we call that the moment that everything is successful, which means then when we actually invoke
or when we call this function, whatever we call it, in this case, in our reader home, actually reader
log in screen, we can pass that as a lambda.
And then that's going to be called, which is going to be this knife controller.
Navigate to a home screen.
Now, look at this, if I run this, okay, I'm going to log in again.
So log in.
I'm home.
Yes.
All right.
It's working, it's working.
And if you go back here and go, let's refresh.
You can see it's going to even tell us when was the last time this person has logged in November 3rd
and everything?
OK, so this is really good.
It's working.
All right.
I'm too excited.
So let's take a little break here and I'll see you in the next video.